good hygiene is so important in these
crowded conditions than much time and
money is spent trying to send it to his
house again
but it isn't easy to wipe away the
evidence of food not completely anyway
to an animal with an acute sense of
smell food stands out everything else
seems gray by comparison we may not
notice the scraps left behind but what's
not taken away can become an opportunity
for others under the partial cover of
darkness a familiar face materializes
raccoons have found our cities very much
to their liking
they're great climbing skills not only
enable them to find shelter in rules and
chimney breasts during the day but also
to move with ease in all parts of this
complex environment a fact recorded by a
city security cameras every night of the
year but to find food raccoons must
ascend to the ground they're bold and
intelligent animals and negotiate the
dangers of the road as confidently as
human pedestrians do indeed city
raccoons are significantly less likely
to be hit by a car than their country
cousins who get less experienced and
touching the speeds of vehicles
in an attempt to thwart garbage Raiders
rubbish collection continues around the
clock
but raccoons equipped to take advantage
of any opportunities if there's food
around they'll find it
the skills that made raccoons so
successful in their original home also
serve them well here in the faster
the inquisitive nasai showed when
looking for food on the forest floor
now leads them to rich pickings
and the manual dexterity that enabled
them to capture crayfish and streams now
leads them to take off the lids of
dustbins and Winkle morsels from jars
boxes and tins raccoons are an American
success story their population has
increased 20 times since the 1930s and
that range has expanded by 30 percent
they're now one of the most successful
and widespread mammals on the continent
you